README.md, before:

# Academic Paper Website

A responsive, single-page website template for showcasing academic research papers. Built with modern web technologies and optimized for GitHub Pages deployment.

**[View Live Demo →](https://stbiadmin.github.io/papersite-template/)**

![Website Preview](assets/images/front_page.png)

## Features

- **Responsive Design**: Mobile-first approach that works on all devices
- **Academic Focus**: Structured sections for abstract, results, methodology, and citations
- **Performance Optimized**: Fast loading with optimized images and assets
- **SEO Ready**: Includes meta tags, Open Graph, and Schema.org markup
- **Accessibility**: WCAG compliant with proper semantic HTML
- **Easy to Customize**: Clear structure and well-commented code

## Project Structure

```
ghostfaces-website/
├── assets/
│   ├── css/
│   │   └── style.css          # Main stylesheet
│   ├── js/
│   │   └── main.js           # Main JavaScript file
│   └── images/
│       └── placeholder-*.jpg  # Sample images
├── data/
│   ├── paper-info.json       # Paper metadata
│   ├── results-gallery.json  # Results gallery data
│   └── methodology.json      # Methodology sections data
├── index.html                # Main HTML file
├── robots.txt               # Search engine directives
├── sitemap.xml             # XML sitemap
└── .nojekyll              # Bypass Jekyll processing

```

## Quick Start

### 1. Fork or Clone the Repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/ghostfaces-website.git
cd ghostfaces-website
```

### 2. Customize Your Content

Edit the JSON files in the `data/` directory:

- **`paper-info.json`**: Update paper title, authors, abstract, and publication details
- **`results-gallery.json`**: Add your research results and images
- **`methodology.json`**: Describe your methodology sections

### 3. Replace Images

Replace the placeholder images in `assets/images/` with your own:
- Use descriptive filenames
- Optimize images for web (recommended: max 1920px width)
- Update image references in the JSON files

### 4. Update Metadata

In `index.html`, update:
- Meta tags (description, keywords, author)
- Open Graph tags for social media
- Schema.org structured data
- Canonical URL

## Deployment to GitHub Pages

### Option 1: Using GitHub Actions (Recommended)

1. Push your code to a GitHub repository
2. Go to Settings → Pages
3. Under "Source", select "GitHub Actions"
4. Push to main branch - the site will deploy automatically

### Option 2: Deploy from Branch

1. Push your code to a GitHub repository
2. Go to Settings → Pages
3. Under "Source", select "Deploy from a branch"
4. Choose "main" branch and "/ (root)" folder
5. Click Save

Your site will be available at: `https://[username].github.io/[repository-name]/`

## Local Development

To test locally, use any static server:

```bash
# Using Python
python3 -m http.server 8000

# Using Node.js
npx http-server

# Using PHP
php -S localhost:8000
```

Then visit `http://localhost:8000`

## Customization Guide

### Styling

- Edit `assets/css/style.css` for custom styles
- CSS variables are defined in `:root` for easy theming
- Responsive breakpoints: 640px, 768px, 1024px

### JavaScript

- Main functionality in `assets/js/main.js`
- Includes smooth scrolling, navigation, and gallery features
- Add custom scripts as needed

### Adding Sections

1. Add HTML structure in `index.html`
2. Style in `assets/css/style.css`
3. Add functionality in `assets/js/main.js`
4. Update navigation menu

## Browser Support

- Chrome (latest)
- Firefox (latest)
- Safari (latest)
- Edge (latest)
- Mobile browsers

## Performance Tips

1. **Images**: Use WebP format with JPEG fallbacks
2. **Fonts**: Use system fonts or limit web font weights
3. **CSS**: Keep critical CSS inline, defer non-critical
4. **JavaScript**: Load scripts with `defer` attribute

## Acknowledgements

This website template was built upon the excellent work from:

- [Nerfies](https://github.com/nerfies/nerfies.github.io) - Template structure and design patterns
- [Make-A-Video](https://makeavideo.studio/) - Website layout and presentation concepts

## License

This project is open source and available under the MIT License.

Commit message:

Deploy deepfake detection paper website for GitHub Pages
This commit includes only essential files for the static website:
- HTML pages (index.html, 404.html)
- CSS and JavaScript assets
- Generated diagrams and images for paper figures
- In-the-wild example images
- JSON data files for dynamic content
- Configuration files (robots.txt, sitemap.xml, favicon.ico)

Excluded development files:
- Python scripts for diagram generation
- LaTeX source files and resources
- CSV data files
- Screenshots and temporary files

The website presents research on deepfake detection using facial
recognition biometrics, achieving 94.2% accuracy with XGBoost.

README.md, after:

# Detecting Deepfake Talking Heads from Facial Biometric Anomalies

A research website showcasing the paper "Detecting Deepfake Talking Heads from Facial Biometric Anomalies" by Justin D. Norman and Hany Farid from UC Berkeley. This website demonstrates our novel forensic technique for detecting deepfake video impersonations using facial biometric anomalies.

**[View Live Demo →](https://yourusername.github.io/deepfakes-website/)**

![Website Preview](assets/images/deepfake2019-2025.png)

## Features

- **Responsive Design**: Mobile-first approach that works on all devices
- **Academic Focus**: Structured sections for abstract, results, methodology, and citations
- **Performance Optimized**: Fast loading with optimized images and assets
- **SEO Ready**: Includes meta tags, Open Graph, and Schema.org markup
- **Accessibility**: WCAG compliant with proper semantic HTML
- **Easy to Customize**: Clear structure and well-commented code

## Project Structure

```
ghostfaces-website/
├── assets/
│   ├── css/
│   │   └── style.css          # Main stylesheet
│   ├── js/
│   │   └── main.js           # Main JavaScript file
│   └── images/
│       └── placeholder-*.jpg  # Sample images
├── data/
│   ├── paper-info.json       # Paper metadata
│   ├── results-gallery.json  # Results gallery data
│   └── methodology.json      # Methodology sections data
├── index.html                # Main HTML file
├── robots.txt               # Search engine directives
├── sitemap.xml             # XML sitemap
└── .nojekyll              # Bypass Jekyll processing

```

## Quick Start

### 1. Fork or Clone the Repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/ghostfaces-website.git
cd ghostfaces-website
```

### 2. Customize Your Content

Edit the JSON files in the `data/` directory:

- **`paper-info.json`**: Update paper title, authors, abstract, and publication details
- **`results-gallery.json`**: Add your research results and images
- **`methodology.json`**: Describe your methodology sections

### 3. Replace Images

Replace the placeholder images in `assets/images/` with your own:
- Use descriptive filenames
- Optimize images for web (recommended: max 1920px width)
- Update image references in the JSON files

### 4. Update Metadata

In `index.html`, update:
- Meta tags (description, keywords, author)
- Open Graph tags for social media
- Schema.org structured data
- Canonical URL

## Deployment to GitHub Pages

### Option 1: Using GitHub Actions (Recommended)

1. Push your code to a GitHub repository
2. Go to Settings → Pages
3. Under "Source", select "GitHub Actions"
4. Push to main branch - the site will deploy automatically

### Option 2: Deploy from Branch

1. Push your code to a GitHub repository
2. Go to Settings → Pages
3. Under "Source", select "Deploy from a branch"
4. Choose "main" branch and "/ (root)" folder
5. Click Save

Your site will be available at: `https://[username].github.io/[repository-name]/`

## Local Development

To test locally, use any static server:

```bash
# Using Python
python3 -m http.server 8000

# Using Node.js
npx http-server

# Using PHP
php -S localhost:8000
```

Then visit `http://localhost:8000`

## Customization Guide

### Styling

- Edit `assets/css/style.css` for custom styles
- CSS variables are defined in `:root` for easy theming
- Responsive breakpoints: 640px, 768px, 1024px

### JavaScript

- Main functionality in `assets/js/main.js`
- Includes smooth scrolling, navigation, and gallery features
- Add custom scripts as needed

### Adding Sections

1. Add HTML structure in `index.html`
2. Style in `assets/css/style.css`
3. Add functionality in `assets/js/main.js`
4. Update navigation menu

## Browser Support

- Chrome (latest)
- Firefox (latest)
- Safari (latest)
- Edge (latest)
- Mobile browsers

## Performance Tips

1. **Images**: Use WebP format with JPEG fallbacks
2. **Fonts**: Use system fonts or limit web font weights
3. **CSS**: Keep critical CSS inline, defer non-critical
4. **JavaScript**: Load scripts with `defer` attribute

## Acknowledgements

This website template was built upon the excellent work from:

- [Nerfies](https://github.com/nerfies/nerfies.github.io) - Template structure and design patterns
- [Make-A-Video](https://makeavideo.studio/) - Website layout and presentation concepts

## License

This project is open source and available under the MIT License.
